Comparison, Wishlist and Translation revision (#26)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/translations.md

# Translations

You can use special translation Content items called "text modules" to create translations of the interface.
The translation service first checks if a Content item with a specific identifier exists and then returns the text attribute of this object.

> If it finds no translations, the [standard Symfony translation service](http://symfony.com/doc/3.4/book/translation.html) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it does not find any translations, the [standard Symfony translation service](http://symfony.com/doc/3.4/book/translation.html) is used.
```

## Twig filter

The translation service offers the Twig filter `st_translate`.

The filter uses a code which identifies the text to be translated and an optional context.
The context can be used to differentiate between different meanings, e.g. in the shop context `order` refers to purchasing,
but in content management it can refer to sorting content.

``` html+twig
{{ messageOrCode|st_translate }}

{{ messageOrCode|st_translate('context') }}
```

> When you use Symfony translations instead of text modules, you can use a message with placeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use Symfony translation service instead of text modules, you can use a message with placeholders
```

| Field      | Description                                                      |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Name       | Internal name                                |

> | Identifier | The source or identifier for translation that has to be defined. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Identifier | The source or identifier for the translation that has to be defined. |
```
